c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
c:\users\qedwj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\qedwj\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\smh06\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\gu\Desktop\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
C:\Users\qedwj\Desktop\project\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe.config
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.g.cs
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.g.cs
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ClotheCapture.baml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\PostureCapture.baml
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.g.resources
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.exe
D:\git\ProjectKinect\ProjectKinect\obj\Debug\ProjectKinect.pdb
